title,desc
"I have not received my confirmation email","If you have already checked your ‘spam’ or ‘trash’ folder in your email and still can’t find it, drop us an email at hangfirebbq@gmail.com , with your reference number if you took note of it, or tell us when you placed your order and we’ll resend your order details and confirmation."
"Can you deliver my order?","Were afraid that due to the high number of orders we can only offer a collection service this year. However, we do offer free hugs, mulled cider, tangerines and a ton of festive cheer when you arrive."
"What if I want to order more items?","Unfortunately we cant amend your existing order, you will need to create a new order. However we’ll make sure it’s all together as one when you come and collect."
"What if I need to change my collection day?","No problem, just give us 48hrs notice. Drop us an email quoting your reference number and well make sure your order collection date is changed."
"What if I want to cancel my order?","You have a 24 hour period after you’ve received your order confirmation email to cancel your order and get a full refund. To cancel your order simply drop us an email at hangfirebbq@gmail.com and quote your reference number"
"Is the meat cooked?","Apart from our bacon, all our meats are supplied smoked. We vacuum seal every meat product within hours of smoking them."
"How long will the smoked meats last?","We recommend you store all smoked meats in the fridge and consume within 7 days. Consume within 3 days if opened. You can also freeze our smoked meats for up to 3 months."
"How do I reheat the meat?","As our meat products are vaccum sealed, we recommend reheating them by putting them in a pan of hot, not boiling, water, fully submerged with the heat on low. The time to reheat will depend on the weight and size of the packet. We can advise you further when you collect your oder. If you have purchased a turkey crown or a leg of lamb, we recommend cooking in the oven, with 50mls of water in the bottom of a roasting pan. Fully cover with foil, and cook for 45 minutes on 180ºC/ Gas Mark 4. Remove the foil and baste the skin with warm butter and cook for a further 15 minutes before serving. Please make sure all meat is heated thoroughly before serving."